.\" libxbee - a C library to aid the use of Digi's Series 1 XBee modules
.\"           running in API mode (AP=2).
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Attie Grande (attie@attie.co.uk)
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH LIBXBEE 3  2009-11-01 "GNU" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
libxbee
.SH DESCRIPTION
libxbee is a C library to aid the use of Series 1 Digi XBee radios running in API mode (AP=2).
.sp
I have tried to keep flexibility to a maximum.
By allowing connections to individual nodes to be created you don't have to address each packet,
or filter through incomming packets to get at the one you are after. This is all taken care of
for you by
.BR libxbee!
.sp
libxbee is still in development, so if you find any bugs or have any enhancement requests, please
feel free to submit an issue on the project page:
.in +4n
.nf
http://code.google.com/p/libxbee/
.fi
.in
or contact me (Attie) directly:
.in +4n
.nf
attie@attie.co.uk
.fi
.in
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xbee_setup (3),
.BR xbee_newcon (3),
.BR xbee_getpacket (3),
.BR xbee_senddata (3),
