.\" libxbee - a C library to aid the use of Digi's Series 1 XBee modules
.\"           running in API mode (AP=2).
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Attie Grande (attie@attie.co.uk)
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH XBEE_PKT 3  2009-11-01 "GNU" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
xbee_pkt
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <xbee.h>
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is the packet structure. Probrably the only structure from me you will want to touch,
and you will need to in order to get anything useful out of libxbee...
.sp
.in +4n
.nf
struct xbee_pkt {
  unsigned char frameID;          /* AT        Status    */
  unsigned char atCmd[2];         /* AT                  */
  unsigned char status;           /* AT  Data  Status    */ /* status / options */
  unsigned char Addr64[8];        /* AT  Data            */
  unsigned char Addr16[2];        /* AT  Data            */
  unsigned char data[128];        /* AT  Data            */
  unsigned char RSSI;             /*     Data            */
  unsigned int datalen;

  /* X  A5 A4 A3 A2 A1 A0 D8    D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 D0 */
  unsigned short IOmask;          /*                  IO */

  /* X  X  X  X  X  X  X  D8    D7 D6 D5 D4 D3 D2 D1 D0 */
  unsigned short IOdata;          /*                  IO */

  /* X  X  X  X  X  D  D  D     D  D  D  D  D  D  D  D  */
  unsigned short IOanalog[6];     /*                  IO */
};
typedef struct xbee_pkt xbee_pkt;
.fi
.in
.sp
Most of these fields are fairly self explanatory, however some need attention brought to them
and others need explaining. I will touch on the most important here:
.TP
.B atCmd
This is the 2 character identifier for the AT command response you just recieved.
Of course if you didnt setup an AT connection, you should never see, or try to see data here.
.TP
.BR Addr64 " and " Addr16
These contain the address that you recieved the packet from. You should really know this
because you setup the connection. However remote AT packets will contain both 16 and 64 bit
addresses.
.TP
.B data
This is the data you just recieved. Either the AT reponse, or the data from the remote XBee node.
.TP
.B datalen
Would you be suprised if I told you this is how much data there is?... Dont try and
.BR printf ()
without checking for a null terminated string (bla bla...).
.TP
.BR IOmask
This is a bitmask telling you what I/O data this packet contains. See below for more.
.TP
.BR IOdata
This is a bitmask telling you the state of each enabled digital input is. Don't try to read a bit
it the DI wasn't enabled.
.TP
.BR IOanalog
This is an array containing raw ADC values. The XBee generates values between 0x0000 and 0x03FF (0-1023).
When the input is at or above Vref, the value will be 0x03FF.
.PP
.sp
.SH IOmask
This tells you which inputs are active, and have values set.
Use (pkt->IOmask & 0x0040) to check if DI6 is enabled etc...
.in +8n
.nf
.BR 0x4000 " - Analog Input 5"
.BR 0x2000 " - Analog Input 4"
.BR 0x1000 " - Analog Input 3"
.BR 0x0800 " - Analog Input 2"
.BR 0x0400 " - Analog Input 1"
.BR 0x0200 " - Analog Input 0"
.BR 0x0100 " - Digital Input 8"
.BR 0x0080 " - Digital Input 7"
.BR 0x0040 " - Digital Input 6"
.BR 0x0020 " - Digital Input 5"
.BR 0x0010 " - Digital Input 4"
.BR 0x0008 " - Digital Input 3"
.BR 0x0004 " - Digital Input 2"
.BR 0x0002 " - Digital Input 1"
.BR 0x0001 " - Digital Input 0"
.fi
.in
.SH IOdata
This tells you the values for active inputs.
Use (pkt->IOdata & 0x0040) to retrieve the value of DI6, assuming it is enabled (check the IOmask)...
.in +8n
.nf
.BR 0x0100 " - Digital Input 8"
.BR 0x0080 " - Digital Input 7"
.BR 0x0040 " - Digital Input 6"
.BR 0x0020 " - Digital Input 5"
.BR 0x0010 " - Digital Input 4"
.BR 0x0008 " - Digital Input 3"
.BR 0x0004 " - Digital Input 2"
.BR 0x0002 " - Digital Input 1"
.BR 0x0001 " - Digital Input 0"
.fi
.in
.SH IOanalog
You can read the 6 ADC outputs from this array, assuming it is enabled (check the IOmask)...
.in +8n
.nf
.BR pkt->IOanalog[5] " - Analog Input 5"
.BR pkt->IOanalog[4] " - Analog Input 4"
.BR pkt->IOanalog[3] " - Analog Input 3"
.BR pkt->IOanalog[2] " - Analog Input 2"
.BR pkt->IOanalog[1] " - Analog Input 1"
.BR pkt->IOanalog[0] " - Analog Input 0"
.fi
.in
.SH AUTHOR
Attie Grande <attie@attie.co.uk> 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libxbee (3),
.BR xbee_getpacket (3)
