.\" libxbee - a C library to aid the use of Digi's Series 1 XBee modules
.\"           running in API mode (AP=2).
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Attie Grande (attie@attie.co.uk)
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH XBEE_SETUP 3  2009-11-01 "GNU" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
xbee_setup
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <xbee.h>
.sp
.BI "int xbee_setup(char *" path ", int " baudrate ");"
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR xbee_setup ()
function will setup libxbee so that it can handle an XBee.
It takes 2 arguments.
.sp
The argument
.I path
is the path to the serial port that the XBee is connected to (e.g. /dev/ttyUSB0).
.sp
The
.I baudrate
is the baud rate that the local XBee is configured to run at. The following are avaliable:
.in +4n
.nf
.B 1200
.B 2400
.B 4800
.B 9600
.B 19200
.B 38400
.B 57600
.BR 115200 " - this is potentially unstable (read the XBee manual to find out why...)"
.fi
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
If any error occures,
.B -1
is returned. Otherwise
.B 0
is returned.
.SH EXAMPLE
To setup libxbee to use /dev/ttyUSB0 at 57600 baud:
.in +4n
.nf
#include <xbee.h>
if (xbee_setup("/dev/ttyUSB0",57600) == -1) {
  printf("Oh no...\n");
  exit(1);
}
.fi
.in
.SH AUTHOR
Attie Grande <attie@attie.co.uk> 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libxbee (3),
.BR xbee_newcon (3),
.BR xbee_getpacket (3),
.BR xbee_senddata (3)
