.\" libxbee - a C library to aid the use of Digi's Series 1 XBee modules
.\"           running in API mode (AP=2).
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C) 2009  Attie Grande (attie@attie.co.uk)
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH XBEE_SENDDATA 3  2009-11-01 "GNU" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
xbee_senddata, xbee_vsenddata
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <xbee.h>
.sp
.BI "xbee_pkt *xbee_senddata(xbee_con *" con ", char *" format ", ...);"
.sp
.B #include <stdarg.h>
.sp
.BI "xbee_pkt *xbee_vsenddata(xbee_con *" con ", char *" format ", va_list " ap ");
.ad b
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR xbee_senddata ()
function will send data via a provided connection.
It takes at least 2 arguments, and possibly more depending on the format string.
.sp
The argument
.I con
points to a connection made previously with
.BR xbee_newcon ().
.sp
The
.I format
string is passed to
.BR sprintf ()
within these funcitons.
Please see the
.BR printf (3)
man page for more information.
.sp
If you are using
.BR xbee_vsenddata ()
you must provide a va_list rather than a variable number of arguments.
This function does not call the
.I va_end
marco. Because it invokes the
.I va_arg
macro, the value of
.I ap
is undefined after the call.
See
.BR stdarg (3).
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Upon successful return, these functions return the response
.I xbee_pkt
pointer.
.sp
If a response packet was not returned before the internal timeout, a
.B NULL
is returned.
.sp
If an error occured a
.B -1
is returned.
.SH EXAMPLE
To send the string "Hello World!" through a previously made connection:
.in +4n
.nf
#include <xbee.h>
xbee_senddata(con,"Hello World!");
.fi
.in
.SH AUTHOR
Attie Grande <attie@attie.co.uk> 
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR libxbee (3),
.BR xbee_setup (3),
.BR xbee_newcon (3),
.BR xbee_getpacket (3),
